Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:7.1.1.38-1.fc40                   @updates              
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.38-1.fc40                   @updates              
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.21.3-1.fc40                       @updates              
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.22.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.22.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates              
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates              
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates              
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates              
NetworkManager-l2tp.x86_64                           1.20.16-1.fc40                      @updates              
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates              
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                      1.2.18-4.fc40                       @updates              
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.10-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.12.0-1.fc40                     @updates              
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates              
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.12-6.fc40                     @anaconda             
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates              
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-7.fc40                      @anaconda             
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates              
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates              
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates              
PackageKit-Qt6.x86_64                                1.1.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates              
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates              
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates              
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.30.3-1.fc40                       @updates              
SDL_image.x86_64                                     1.2.12-37.fc40                      @fedora               
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.105-0.4.20210729git2a87ac6.fc40   @updates              
aalib-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.0-0.50.rc5.fc40                 @fedora               
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-12.fc40                       @anaconda             
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-12.fc40                       @anaconda             
abrt.x86_64                                          2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20240116.2-1.fc40                   @updates              
accounts-qml-module-qt6.x86_64                       0.7^20231216.05e79eb-3.fc40         @anaconda             
accountsservice.x86_64                               23.13.9-4.fc40                      @anaconda             
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230622-3.fc40                     @anaconda             
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230622-3.fc40                     @anaconda             
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-7.fc40                     @anaconda             
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.042.1.062.1.026-4.fc40            @anaconda             
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          46.2-2.fc40                         @updates              
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-19.fc40                        @anaconda             
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            46.2-2.fc40                         @updates              
adwaita-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                     46.2-1.fc40                         @updates              
aha.x86_64                                           0.5.1-10.fc40                       @anaconda             
akonadi-calendar.x86_64                              24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
akonadi-contacts.x86_64                              24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
akonadi-import-wizard.x86_64                         24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
akonadi-mime.x86_64                                  24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
akonadi-notes.x86_64                                 24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
akonadi-search.x86_64                                24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
akonadi-server.x86_64                                24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
akonadi-server-mysql.x86_64                          24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
akregator.x86_64                                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
akregator-libs.x86_64                                24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2024.09-1.fc40                      @updates              
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.27-1.fc40                         @updates              
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
amd-ucode-firmware.noarch                            20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
anaconda.x86_64                                      40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
anaconda-live.noarch                                 40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
android-tools.x86_64                                 1:35.0.1-1.fc40                     @updates              
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20240502-8.fc40               @updates              
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-38.fc40                        @anaconda             
appstream.x86_64                                     1.0.2-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
appstream-data.noarch                                40-8.fc40                           @updates              
appstream-qt.x86_64                                  1.0.2-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-16.fc40                       @fedora               
apr-util-lmdb.x86_64                                 1.6.3-16.fc40                       @fedora               
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-16.fc40                       @fedora               
aribb24.x86_64                                       1.0.3^20160216git5e9be27-1.fc40     @updates              
ark.x86_64                                           24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
ark-libs.x86_64                                      24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
at.x86_64                                            3.2.5-9.fc40                        @anaconda             
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.52.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.52.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
atk.x86_64                                           2.52.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.4-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
audiocd-kio.x86_64                                   24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
audiocd-kio-doc.noarch                               24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
audit.x86_64                                         4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
audit-libs.x86_64                                    4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
audit-rules.x86_64                                   4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.14.2-0.1.20240903git2de06e0.fc40  @updates              
authselect.x86_64                                    1.5.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.5.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-26.fc40                         @anaconda             
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-26.fc40                         @anaconda             
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.8-26.fc40                         @anaconda             
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-26.fc40                         @anaconda             
avif-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            1.0.4-3.fc40                        @updates              
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-36.fc40                         @updates              
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-33.fc40                         @anaconda             
baloo-widgets.x86_64                                 24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
basesystem.noarch                                    11-20.fc40                          @anaconda             
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.26-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
bash-color-prompt.noarch                             0.4.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-14.fc40                      @anaconda             
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-21.fc40                      @anaconda             
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.28-2.fc40                   @updates              
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.28-2.fc40                   @updates              
binutils.x86_64                                      2.41-37.fc40                        @updates              
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.41-37.fc40                        @updates              
bison.x86_64                                         3.8.2-7.fc40                        @fedora               
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.10.0-1.fc40                     @updates              
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.5.0-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
bluedevil.x86_64                                     6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
bluez.x86_64                                         5.78-1.fc40                         @updates              
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.78-1.fc40                         @updates              
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.78-1.fc40                         @updates              
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.78-1.fc40                         @updates              
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.8-2.fc40                        @updates              
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
boost-program-options.x86_64                         1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
braille-printer-app.x86_64                           1:2.0~b0^386eea385f-6.fc40          @anaconda             
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
breeze-cursor-theme.noarch                           6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
breeze-gtk-common.noarch                             6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
breeze-gtk-gtk2.noarch                               6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
breeze-gtk-gtk3.noarch                               6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
breeze-gtk-gtk4.noarch                               6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                             6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.5-13.fc40                       @anaconda             
brltty.x86_64                                        6.6-13.fc40                         @anaconda             
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.11-1.fc40                         @updates              
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.10.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-18.fc40                       @anaconda             
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-18.fc40                       @anaconda             
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.28.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
ca-certificates.noarch                               2024.2.69_v8.0.401-1.0.fc40         @updates              
cairo.x86_64                                         1.18.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.18.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.5-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
calendarsupport.x86_64                               24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
catdoc.x86_64                                        0.95-17.fc40                        @anaconda             
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-44.fc40                        @anaconda             
cfitsio.x86_64                                       4.4.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.7-2.fc40                          @updates              
chrony.x86_64                                        4.6-1.fc40                          @updates              
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-5.fc40                          @updates              
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.0-5.fc40                          @updates              
cirrus-audio-firmware.noarch                         20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
cjson.x86_64                                         1.7.18-1.fc40                       @updates              
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:45-4.fc40                         @updates              
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:45-4.fc40                         @updates              
clinfo.x86_64                                        3.0.23.01.25-4.fc40                 @anaconda             
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-48.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc40 @fedora               
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-48.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc40 @fedora               
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.28.2-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
cmark-lib.x86_64                                     0.30.3-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
codec2.x86_64                                        1.2.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-33.fc40                           @anaconda             
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
colord-kde.x86_64                                    24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.7-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
composefs-libs.x86_64                                1.0.3-1.fc40                        @fedora               
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-8.fc40                          @anaconda             
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-5.fc40                          @fedora               
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.4-8.fc40                          @updates              
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.4-8.fc40                          @updates              
corosynclib.x86_64                                   3.1.8-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
cpio.x86_64                                          2.15-1.fc40                         @anaconda             
cpp.x86_64                                           14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.11-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.11-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
cronie.x86_64                                        1.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11^20190603git9e74f2d-3.fc40      @anaconda             
cryfs.x86_64                                         0.11.3-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
crypto-policies.noarch                               20240725-1.git28d3e2d.fc40          @updates              
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20240725-1.git28d3e2d.fc40          @updates              
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.7.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.7.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.10-7.fc40                     @updates              
cups-browsed.x86_64                                  1:2.0.1-3.fc40                      @updates              
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.10-7.fc40                     @updates              
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.10-7.fc40                     @updates              
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1:2.0.1-1.fc40                      @updates              
cups-filters-driverless.x86_64                       1:2.0.1-1.fc40                      @updates              
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.10-7.fc40                     @updates              
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.10-7.fc40                     @updates              
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
curl.x86_64                                          8.6.0-10.fc40                       @updates              
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      79-1.fc40                           @updates              
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-19.fc40                      @anaconda             
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                                2.1.28-19.fc40                      @anaconda             
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-19.fc40                      @anaconda             
daala-libs.x86_64                                    0-27.20200724git694d4ce.fc40        @fedora               
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   79-1.fc40                           @updates              
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda             
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   36-2.fc40                           @updates              
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda             
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda             
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda             
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda             
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda             
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                  0.9.3-0.34.20160218.fc40            @anaconda             
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-12.fc40                      @anaconda             
ddcutil.x86_64                                       2.1.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
default-editor.noarch                                7.2-7.fc40                          @updates              
default-fonts-am.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ar.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-as.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ast.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-be.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-bg.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-bn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-bo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-br.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-chr.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-cjk-mono.noarch                        4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-cjk-sans.noarch                        4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-cjk-serif.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-core-emoji.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-core-math.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-core-mono.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-core-sans.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-core-serif.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-dv.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-dz.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-el.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-eo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-eu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-fa.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-gu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-he.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-hi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-hy.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ia.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-iu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ka.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-km.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-kn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ku.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-lo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-mai.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ml.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-mni.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-mr.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-my.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-nb.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ne.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-nn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-nr.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-nso.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-or.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-other-mono.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-other-sans.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-other-serif.noarch                     4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-pa.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ru.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-sat.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-si.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ss.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ta.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-te.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-th.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-tn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ts.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-uk.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ur.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-ve.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-vi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-xh.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-yi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
default-fonts-zu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                    40.0.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-12.fc40                        @anaconda             
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.197-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.197-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.197-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.197-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 1.0.12-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-13.P1.fc40                 @anaconda             
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-13.P1.fc40                 @anaconda             
diffstat.x86_64                                      1.66-1.fc40                         @fedora               
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.10-5.fc40                         @anaconda             
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.105-1.fc40                        @updates              
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-9.fc40                       @updates              
dlm-lib.x86_64                                       4.2.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.6-1.fc40                        @updates              
dnf.noarch                                           4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.90-1.fc40                         @anaconda             
docbook-dtds.noarch                                  1.0-85.fc40                         @anaconda             
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                             1.79.2-22.fc40                      @anaconda             
dolphin.x86_64                                       24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
dolphin-libs.x86_64                                  24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
dolphin-plugins.x86_64                               24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.5.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-11.fc40                         @anaconda             
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-35.fc40                         @anaconda             
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.3.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
doxygen.x86_64                                       2:1.10.0-3.fc40                     @fedora               
dracut.x86_64                                        102-2.fc40                          @updates              
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          102-2.fc40                          @updates              
dracut-live.x86_64                                   102-2.fc40                          @updates              
dracut-network.x86_64                                102-2.fc40                          @updates              
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 102-2.fc40                          @updates              
duktape.x86_64                                       2.7.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
dyninst.x86_64                                       12.3.0-6.fc40                       @fedora               
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.47.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.47.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                              0.2.2-27.fc40                       @anaconda             
ed.x86_64                                            1.20.2-1.fc40                       @updates              
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.9-1.fc40                       @updates              
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-11.fc40                           @anaconda             
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-6.fc40                           @anaconda             
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   39-2.fc40                           @updates              
egl-utils.x86_64                                     9.0.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.191-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.191-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64              0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora               
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.191-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora               
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.191-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora               
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.191-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:29.4-9.fc40                       @updates              
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.6.9-1.fc40                        @updates              
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-8.fc40                       @anaconda             
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.10-1.fc40                       @updates              
eventviews.x86_64                                    24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.6-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.6-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
expat.x86_64                                         2.6.3-1.fc40                        @updates              
f2fs-tools.x86_64                                    1.16.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
f40-backgrounds-base.noarch                          40.2.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
f40-backgrounds-kde.noarch                           40.2.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
fatresize.x86_64                                     1.1.0-11.20221116gitab78c48.fc40    @anaconda             
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-13.fc40                       @anaconda             
fedora-appstream-metadata.noarch                     20240915-1.fc40                     @updates              
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-30.fc40                          @anaconda             
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-8.fc40                            @fedora               
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               40-2                                @updates              
fedora-logos.noarch                                  38.1.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
fedora-release-common.noarch                         40-39                               @updates              
fedora-release-identity-kde.noarch                   40-39                               @updates              
fedora-release-kde.noarch                            40-39                               @updates              
fedora-repos.noarch                                  40-2                                @updates              
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-8.fc40                         @fedora               
fedora-workstation-repositories.x86_64               38-5.fc40                           @fedora               
ffmpegthumbs.x86_64                                  24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-12.fc40                      @updates              
file.x86_64                                          5.45-4.fc40                         @anaconda             
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.45-4.fc40                         @anaconda             
filelight.x86_64                                     1:24.08.0-1.fc40                    @updates              
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-8.fc40                         @anaconda             
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-9.fc40                      @updates              
firewall-config.noarch                               2.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates              
firewalld.noarch                                     2.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates              
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          2.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates              
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.4.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates              
flatpak-kcm.x86_64                                   6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates              
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates              
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates              
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-16.fc40                       @fedora               
flite.x86_64                                         2.2-8.fc40                          @anaconda             
fmt.x86_64                                           10.2.1-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.15.0-6.fc40                       @updates              
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-14.fc40                     @anaconda             
fpaste.noarch                                        0.5.0.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-11.fc40                      @anaconda             
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.2-11.fc40                      @anaconda             
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
freerdp2-libs.x86_64                                 2.11.7-5.fc40                       @updates              
freetype.x86_64                                      2.13.2-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.14-2.fc40                       @updates              
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-10.fc40                       @anaconda             
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-21.fc40                       @anaconda             
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.16.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
fuse-encfs.x86_64                                    1.9.5-20.fc40                       @anaconda             
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-21.fc40                       @anaconda             
fuse-sshfs.x86_64                                    3.7.3-9.fc40                        @updates              
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.16.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.16.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.9.25-1.fc40                       @updates              
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.6-1.fc40                          @updates              
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.9.25-1.fc40                       @updates              
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.9.25-1.fc40                       @updates              
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.9.25-1.fc40                       @updates              
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-14.fc40                       @anaconda             
gawk.x86_64                                          5.3.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.3.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
gc.x86_64                                            8.2.2-6.fc40                        @fedora               
gcc.x86_64                                           14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      4.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-8.fc40                       @anaconda             
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-8.fc40                       @anaconda             
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-16.fc40                       @anaconda             
gdb.x86_64                                           15.1-1.fc40                         @updates              
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  15.1-1.fc40                         @updates              
gdbm.x86_64                                          1:1.23-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.10-8.fc40                      @anaconda             
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.10-8.fc40                      @anaconda             
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-15.fc40                       @anaconda             
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.7.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-12.fc40                    @anaconda             
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-12.fc40                    @anaconda             
gettext.x86_64                                       0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates              
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates              
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates              
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates              
gfs2-utils.x86_64                                    3.5.1-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
ghostscript.x86_64                                   10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates              
ghostscript-tools-fonts.noarch                       10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates              
ghostscript-tools-printing.noarch                    10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates              
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
git.x86_64                                           2.46.2-1.fc40                       @updates              
git-core.x86_64                                      2.46.2-1.fc40                       @updates              
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.46.2-1.fc40                       @updates              
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.80.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
glib2.x86_64                                         2.80.3-1.fc40                       @updates              
glibc.x86_64                                         2.39-22.fc40                        @updates              
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.39-22.fc40                        @updates              
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.39-22.fc40                        @updates              
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.39-22.fc40                        @updates              
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.39-22.fc40                        @updates              
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.39-22.fc40                        @updates              
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.7-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
glx-utils.x86_64                                     9.0.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-8.fc40                      @anaconda             
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.3-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 46.2-1.fc40                         @updates              
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             46.2-1.fc40                         @updates              
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                         20120503-33.fc40                    @fedora               
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                           20120503-33.fc40                    @fedora               
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.4.4-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.4.4-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
gnustep-base-libs.x86_64                             1.29.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.6-1.fc40                        @updates              
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.6-1.fc40                        @updates              
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.80.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.24.20130920.fc40            @fedora               
google-chrome-stable.x86_64                          129.0.6668.100-1                    @@commandline         
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1:1.002-0.18.20130214.fc40          @fedora               
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-19.fc40                    @anaconda             
google-noto-color-emoji-fonts.noarch                 20231130-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-emoji-fonts.noarch                       20231130-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-7.fc40                      @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch          20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                        20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-meeteimayek-vf-fonts.noarch         20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch            1:2.004-7.fc40                      @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                   20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-symbols2-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                1:2.002-4.fc40                      @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch         20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                       20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.23.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.23.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-46.fc40                      @fedora               
gpsd-libs.x86_64                                     1:3.25-10.fc40                      @anaconda             
grantlee-editor.x86_64                               24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
grantlee-editor-libs.x86_64                          24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
grantleetheme.x86_64                                 24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-8.fc40                       @anaconda             
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-15.fc40                      @anaconda             
graphviz.x86_64                                      9.0.0-11.fc40                       @anaconda             
grep.x86_64                                          3.11-7.fc40                         @anaconda             
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.23.0-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates              
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-75.fc40                        @anaconda             
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     46.1-1.fc40                         @updates              
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.6.3-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-libs.x86_64              1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt6.x86_64                   1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.43-1.fc40                      @updates              
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-18.fc40                     @anaconda             
gtk2-engines.x86_64                                  2.20.2-29.fc40                      @anaconda             
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.43-1.fc40                      @updates              
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.14.5-1.fc40                       @updates              
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.9-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-48.20121130.fc40              @anaconda             
guile30.x86_64                                       3.0.7-12.fc40                       @fedora               
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.6.6-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.6.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-16.fc40                       @anaconda             
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-16.fc40                       @anaconda             
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-16.fc40                       @anaconda             
gwenview.x86_64                                      1:24.08.0-1.fc40                    @updates              
gwenview-libs.x86_64                                 1:24.08.0-1.fc40                    @updates              
gzip.x86_64                                          1.13-1.fc40                         @anaconda             
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      8.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  8.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-31.fc40                @anaconda             
hfsutils.x86_64                                      3.2.6-47.fc39                       @anaconda             
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-18.fc40                        @anaconda             
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-19.fc40                        @anaconda             
highway.x86_64                                       1.2.0-2.fc40                        @updates              
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-12.fc40                        @anaconda             
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.2-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-9.fc40                   @anaconda             
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-9.fc40                   @anaconda             
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-9.fc40                   @anaconda             
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.2-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
hwdata.noarch                                        0.388-1.fc40                        @updates              
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @anaconda             
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @anaconda             
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @anaconda             
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @anaconda             
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @anaconda             
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-24.fc40                       @anaconda             
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-24.fc40                       @fedora               
i2c-tools.x86_64                                     4.3-10.fc40                         @anaconda             
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates              
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.16-6.fc40                       @updates              
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.16-6.fc40                       @updates              
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates              
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates              
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.5-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.15.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates              
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.3-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.32-1.fc40                       @updates              
ibus-panel.x86_64                                    1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates              
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates              
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.25.16-1.fc40                      @updates              
iceauth.x86_64                                       1.0.9-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.5-3.fc40                          @anaconda             
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-10.fc40                       @anaconda             
im-chooser.x86_64                                    1.7.5-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
im-chooser-common.x86_64                             1.7.5-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.5-4.fc40                          @anaconda             
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
imsettings.x86_64                                    1.8.9-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
imsettings-gsettings.x86_64                          1.8.9-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
imsettings-libs.x86_64                               1.8.9-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
imsettings-plasma.x86_64                             1.8.9-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
incidenceeditor.x86_64                               24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
inih.x86_64                                          58-1.fc40                           @anaconda             
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.1-16.fc40                         @anaconda             
initial-setup.x86_64                                 0.3.100-3.fc40                      @anaconda             
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                             0.3.100-3.fc40                      @anaconda             
initial-setup-gui-wayland-plasma.noarch              40.1-1.fc40                         @updates              
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.23-1.fc40                        @updates              
intel-audio-firmware.noarch                          20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                  22.3.20-1.fc40                      @updates              
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                23.2.2-5.fc40                       @updates              
intel-vpl-gpu-rt.x86_64                              24.2.5-1.fc40                       @updates              
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.3-9.fc40                        @anaconda             
ipp-usb.x86_64                                       0.9.28-1.fc40                       @updates              
iproute.x86_64                                       6.7.0-2.fc40                        @updates              
ipset.x86_64                                         7.21-1.fc40                         @anaconda             
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.21-1.fc40                         @anaconda             
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.10-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.10-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
iputils.x86_64                                       20240117-4.fc40                     @anaconda             
irqbalance.x86_64                                    2:1.9.4-3.fc40                      @updates              
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.9-20.gita65a472.fc40          @anaconda             
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.9-20.gita65a472.fc40          @anaconda             
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-9.fc40                        @anaconda             
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.16.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.5-1.fc40                      @updates              
iw.x86_64                                            6.7-2.fc40                          @anaconda             
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                             20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                          20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                          20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-9.fc40                       @anaconda             
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.1-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
java-21-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:21.0.4.0.7-2.fc40                 @updates              
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.2.0-9.fc40                        @fedora               
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.20-4.fc40                         @anaconda             
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-29.fc40                         @anaconda             
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
jfsutils.x86_64                                      1.1.15-27.fc40                      @anaconda             
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-41.fc40                       @anaconda             
jq.x86_64                                            1.7.1-7.fc40                        @updates              
json-c.x86_64                                        0.17-3.fc40                         @anaconda             
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.8.3-1.fc40                      @updates              
kaccounts-integration-qt5.x86_64                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kaccounts-integration-qt6.x86_64                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kaccounts-providers.x86_64                           24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kactivitymanagerd.x86_64                             6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kaddressbook.x86_64                                  24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kaddressbook-libs.x86_64                             24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kamera.x86_64                                        24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kamoso.x86_64                                        24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-47.fc40                         @updates              
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-47.fc40                         @updates              
kate-libs.x86_64                                     24.08.0-3.fc40                      @updates              
kbd.x86_64                                           2.6.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.6.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.6.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
kcalc.x86_64                                         24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kcalutils.x86_64                                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kcharselect.x86_64                                   24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kcolorpicker-qt6.x86_64                              0.3.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
kde-cli-tools.x86_64                                 6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kde-connect.x86_64                                   24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kde-connect-libs.x86_64                              24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                5-3.fc40                            @anaconda             
kde-gtk-config.x86_64                                6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kde-inotify-survey.x86_64                            24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kde-l10n.noarch                                      17.08.3-17.fc40                     @anaconda             
kde-partitionmanager.x86_64                          24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kde-settings.noarch                                  40.1-1.fc40                         @updates              
kde-settings-plasma.noarch                           40.1-1.fc40                         @updates              
kde-settings-pulseaudio.noarch                       40.1-1.fc40                         @updates              
kde-settings-sddm.noarch                             40.1-1.fc40                         @updates              
kde4-filesystem.x86_64                               5-3.fc40                            @anaconda             
kdeconnectd.x86_64                                   24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kdecoration.x86_64                                   6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                        24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kdegraphics-thumbnailers.x86_64                      24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kdepim-addons.x86_64                                 24.08.0-2.fc40                      @updates              
kdepim-runtime.x86_64                                1:24.08.0-1.fc40                    @updates              
kdepim-runtime-libs.x86_64                           1:24.08.0-1.fc40                    @updates              
kdeplasma-addons.x86_64                              6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kdesu.x86_64                                         1:6.1.5-1.fc40                      @updates              
kdiagram.x86_64                                      3.0.1-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
kdialog.x86_64                                       24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kdnssd.x86_64                                        24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kdsoap.x86_64                                        2.2.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
kdsoap-ws-discovery-client.x86_64                    0.4.0-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
kdsoap6.x86_64                                       2.2.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-11.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc40      @anaconda             
kdump-utils.x86_64                                   1.0.44-1.fc40                       @updates              
keditbookmarks.x86_64                                24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
keditbookmarks-libs.x86_64                           24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kernel.x86_64                                        6.8.5-301.fc40                      @anaconda             
kernel.x86_64                                        6.10.12-200.fc40                    @updates              
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.8.5-301.fc40                      @anaconda             
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.10.12-200.fc40                    @updates              
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.10.12-200.fc40                    @updates              
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.10.3-200.fc40                     @updates              
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.8.5-301.fc40                      @anaconda             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.10.12-200.fc40                    @updates              
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.8.5-301.fc40                      @anaconda             
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.10.12-200.fc40                    @updates              
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.8.5-301.fc40                      @anaconda             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.10.12-200.fc40                    @updates              
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.29-1.fc40                       @updates              
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.3-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.3-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
kf5-attica.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-bluez-qt.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-frameworkintegration.x86_64                      5.116.0-4.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                 5.116.0-4.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kactivities-stats.x86_64                         5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                     5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                              5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                            5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kdewebkit.x86_64                                 5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kdnssd.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                 5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                              5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                         5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                     5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                     5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                             5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                          5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                          5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                                 5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                                 5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                            5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                              5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                              5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kwayland.x86_64                                  5.116.0-4.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                            5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-qqc2-desktop-style.x86_64                        5.116.1-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-solid.x86_64                                     5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-sonnet.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-sonnet-hunspell.x86_64                           5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                 5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf5-syndication.x86_64                               1:5.116.0-1.fc40                    @updates              
kf5-syntax-highlighting.x86_64                       5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kf6-attica.x86_64                                    6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-baloo.x86_64                                     6.6.0-2.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-baloo-file.x86_64                                6.6.0-2.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-baloo-libs.x86_64                                6.6.0-2.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-bluez-qt.x86_64                                  6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-breeze-icons.x86_64                              6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-frameworkintegration.x86_64                      6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                 6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-karchive.x86_64                                  6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kauth.x86_64                                     6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kbookmarks.x86_64                                6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kcalendarcore.x86_64                             6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kcmutils.x86_64                                  6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kcodecs.x86_64                                   6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kcolorscheme.x86_64                              6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kcompletion.x86_64                               6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kconfig.x86_64                                   6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                            6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kcontacts.x86_64                                 6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kcrash.x86_64                                    6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kdav.x86_64                                      6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kdbusaddons.x86_64                               6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kdeclarative.x86_64                              6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kded.x86_64                                      6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kdesu.x86_64                                     6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kdnssd.x86_64                                    6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kdoctools.x86_64                                 6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kfilemetadata.x86_64                             6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kglobalaccel.x86_64                              6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kguiaddons.x86_64                                6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kholidays.x86_64                                 6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-ki18n.x86_64                                     6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kiconthemes.x86_64                               6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kidletime.x86_64                                 6.6.0-3.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kidletime-x11.x86_64                             6.6.0-3.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kimageformats.x86_64                             6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kio-core.x86_64                                  6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kio-core-libs.x86_64                             6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kio-doc.noarch                                   6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                          6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kio-gui.x86_64                                   6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kio-widgets.x86_64                               6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                          6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kirigami.x86_64                                  6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kirigami-addons.x86_64                           1.4.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kitemmodels.x86_64                               6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kitemviews.x86_64                                6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kjobwidgets.x86_64                               6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-knewstuff.x86_64                                 6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-knotifications.x86_64                            6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-knotifyconfig.x86_64                             6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kpackage.x86_64                                  6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kparts.x86_64                                    6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kpeople.x86_64                                   6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kpty.x86_64                                      6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kquickcharts.x86_64                              6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-krunner.x86_64                                   6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kservice.x86_64                                  6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kstatusnotifieritem.x86_64                       6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-ksvg.x86_64                                      6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-ktexteditor.x86_64                               6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-ktexttemplate.x86_64                             6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-ktextwidgets.x86_64                              6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kunitconversion.x86_64                           6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kuserfeedback.x86_64                             6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kwallet.x86_64                                   6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kwallet-libs.x86_64                              6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                            6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-kxmlgui.x86_64                                   6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-modemmanager-qt.x86_64                           6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-networkmanager-qt.x86_64                         6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-prison.x86_64                                    6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-purpose.x86_64                                   6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-qqc2-desktop-style.x86_64                        6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-solid.x86_64                                     6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-sonnet.x86_64                                    6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-sonnet-hunspell.x86_64                           6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-syndication.x86_64                               6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-syntax-highlighting.x86_64                       6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kf6-threadweaver.x86_64                              6.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
kfind.x86_64                                         24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kglobalacceld.x86_64                                 6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kgpg.x86_64                                          24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
khelpcenter.x86_64                                   1:24.08.0-1.fc40                    @updates              
kidentitymanagement.x86_64                           24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kimageannotator-common.x86_64                        0.7.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
kimageannotator-qt6.x86_64                           0.7.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
kimap.x86_64                                         24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kinfocenter.x86_64                                   6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kio-admin.x86_64                                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kio-extras.x86_64                                    24.08.0-3.fc40                      @updates              
kio-extras-kf5.x86_64                                24.02.2-1.fc40                      @updates              
kio-fuse.x86_64                                      5.1.0-5.fc40                        @updates              
kio-gdrive.x86_64                                    24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kitinerary.x86_64                                    24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kldap.x86_64                                         24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kmail.x86_64                                         24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kmail-account-wizard.x86_64                          24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kmail-libs.x86_64                                    24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kmailtransport.x86_64                                24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kmbox.x86_64                                         24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kmenuedit.x86_64                                     6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kmime.x86_64                                         24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kmod.x86_64                                          31-5.fc40                           @anaconda             
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     31-5.fc40                           @anaconda             
kmousetool.x86_64                                    24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kmouth.x86_64                                        24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kolourpaint.x86_64                                   24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kolourpaint-libs.x86_64                              24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
konsole.x86_64                                       24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
konsole-part.x86_64                                  24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kontact.x86_64                                       24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kontact-libs.x86_64                                  24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kontactinterface.x86_64                              24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
korganizer.x86_64                                    24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
korganizer-libs.x86_64                               24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.7-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
kpimtextedit.x86_64                                  24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kpipewire.x86_64                                     6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kpkpass.x86_64                                       24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kpmcore.x86_64                                       24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kquickimageeditor-qt6.x86_64                         0.3.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.21.3-1.fc40                       @updates              
krdc.x86_64                                          24.08.0-3.fc40                      @updates              
krdc-libs.x86_64                                     24.08.0-3.fc40                      @updates              
krfb.x86_64                                          24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
krfb-libs.x86_64                                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
ksanecore-common.x86_64                              24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
ksanecore-qt6.x86_64                                 24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kscreen.x86_64                                       1:6.1.5-1.fc40                      @updates              
kscreenlocker.x86_64                                 6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
ksmtp.x86_64                                         24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
ksshaskpass.x86_64                                   6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
ksystemstats.x86_64                                  6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
ktextaddons-common.noarch                            1.5.4-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
ktextaddons-qt6.x86_64                               1.5.4-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
ktnef.x86_64                                         24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
kwalletmanager5.x86_64                               24.08.0-2.fc40                      @updates              
kwayland.x86_64                                      6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kwayland-integration.x86_64                          6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kwebkitpart.x86_64                                   1.4.0-0.16.20190110.fc40            @anaconda             
kwin.x86_64                                          6.1.5-2.fc40                        @updates              
kwin-common.x86_64                                   6.1.5-2.fc40                        @updates              
kwin-libs.x86_64                                     6.1.5-2.fc40                        @updates              
kwin-wayland.x86_64                                  6.1.5-2.fc40                        @updates              
kwrite.x86_64                                        24.08.0-3.fc40                      @updates              
kwrited.x86_64                                       6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                             1.2.80-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.17-4.fc40                         @anaconda             
lame.x86_64                                          3.100-17.fc40                       @anaconda             
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-17.fc40                       @anaconda             
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
langpacks-en.noarch                                  4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
langpacks-fonts-en.noarch                            4.0-13.fc40                         @updates              
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.68-1.fc40                       @updates              
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-13.fc40                       @anaconda             
layer-shell-qt.x86_64                                6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.16-3.fc40                         @anaconda             
ldns.x86_64                                          1.8.3-13.fc40                       @anaconda             
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.84.1-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
less.x86_64                                          643-6.fc40                          @updates              
libICE.x86_64                                        1.1.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates              
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates              
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates              
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.11-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.15-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.6-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.6-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.6-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.7-1.fc40                        @updates              
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.8-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.5-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.2.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.17-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.11-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXt.x86_64                                         1.3.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.12-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.6-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.5-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-48.fc40                       @anaconda             
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-15.fc40                       @fedora               
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                              1.25-15.fc40                        @updates              
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                               1.16^20231010.211051.29fd38e-4.fc40 @anaconda             
libaccounts-qt6.x86_64                               1.16^20231010.211051.29fd38e-4.fc40 @anaconda             
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.5.4-1.fc40                        @updates              
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-19.fc40                     @anaconda             
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-27.fc40                       @anaconda             
libaom.x86_64                                        3.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-4.fc40                      @anaconda             
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates              
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-5.fc40                     @fedora               
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.1-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-28.fc40                         @anaconda             
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-28.fc40                        @anaconda             
libatomic.x86_64                                     14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libavcodec-free.x86_64                               6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
libavfilter-free.x86_64                              6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
libavformat-free.x86_64                              6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
libavif.x86_64                                       1.0.4-3.fc40                        @updates              
libavutil-free.x86_64                                6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-11.fc40                      @anaconda             
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.11-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-56.fc40                       @anaconda             
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
libblockdev.x86_64                                   3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-nvme.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.2.3-1.fc40                      @updates              
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.1.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-33.fc40                       @anaconda             
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.11-99.fc40                        @updates              
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.73.beta20.fc40               @fedora               
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-35.fc40                        @anaconda             
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-35.fc40                        @anaconda             
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-35.fc40                        @anaconda             
libcap.x86_64                                        2.69-8.fc40                         @updates              
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.4-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.4-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.11.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
libcddb.x86_64                                       1.3.2-43.fc40                       @fedora               
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-12.fc40                       @anaconda             
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-17.fc40                       @fedora               
libchewing.x86_64                                    0.6.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-17.fc40                       @anaconda             
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.5-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.6.2-5.fc40                        @fedora               
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-56.fc40                       @anaconda             
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.47.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.20-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
libcupsfilters.x86_64                                1:2.1~b1-3.fc40                     @updates              
libcurl.x86_64                                       8.6.0-10.fc40                       @updates              
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-29.fc40                        @anaconda             
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-9.fc40                       @anaconda             
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.4.3-1.fc40                        @updates              
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-27.fc40                     @anaconda             
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-27.fc40                     @anaconda             
libdca.x86_64                                        0.0.7-11.fc40                       @fedora               
libddcutil.x86_64                                    2.1.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.2.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-56.fc40                       @anaconda             
libdisplay-info.x86_64                               0.1.1-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
libdmtx.x86_64                                       0.7.7-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.73.3-1.fc40                       @updates              
libdovi.x86_64                                       3.3.0-2.fc40                        @updates              
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.123-1.fc40                      @updates              
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                     1.3.3-11.fc40                       @fedora               
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-8.fc40                        @anaconda             
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-35.fc40                       @fedora               
libebml.x86_64                                       1.4.5-1.fc40                        @fedora               
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.6.2-2.fc40                        @updates              
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-53.20240808cvs.fc40             @updates              
libei.x86_64                                         1.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
libeis.x86_64                                        1.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-31.fc40                        @fedora               
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-18.fc40                       @fedora               
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @fedora               
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @anaconda             
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @anaconda             
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @anaconda             
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @anaconda             
libertas-firmware.noarch                             20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
libestr.x86_64                                       0.1.11-9.fc40                       @anaconda             
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.11~20230802.git9c3a8cb-5.fc40   @fedora               
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-11.fc40                        @anaconda             
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.3-1.fc40                       @updates              
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-12.fc40                      @anaconda             
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-9.fc40                        @fedora               
libfakekey.x86_64                                    0.3-19.fc40                         @anaconda             
libfastjson.x86_64                                   1.2304.0-4.fc40                     @anaconda             
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.4-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.14.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.7-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-23.fc40                       @fedora               
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-12.fc40                         @anaconda             
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-12.fc40                         @anaconda             
libgcc.x86_64                                        14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.3-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
libgfortran.x86_64                                   14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @anaconda             
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @anaconda             
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @anaconda             
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @anaconda             
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @anaconda             
libgomp.x86_64                                       14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.49-1.fc40                         @updates              
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.31-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
libgravatar.x86_64                                   24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libgs.x86_64                                         10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates              
libgudev.x86_64                                      238-5.fc40                          @anaconda             
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.9-1.fc40                        @updates              
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-31.fc40                       @anaconda             
libheif.x86_64                                       1.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
libi2c.x86_64                                        4.3-10.fc40                         @anaconda             
libibverbs.x86_64                                    48.0-4.fc40                         @anaconda             
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.18-1.fc40                       @updates              
libicu.x86_64                                        74.2-1.fc40                         @anaconda             
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-43.fc40                      @anaconda             
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-22.fc40                        @anaconda             
libimagequant.x86_64                                 4.0.3-5.fc40                        @updates              
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0^20230705git6fc41f5-4.fc40     @anaconda             
libimobiledevice-glue.x86_64                         1.0.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-56.fc40                       @anaconda             
libinput.x86_64                                      1.26.2-1.fc40                       @updates              
libipt.x86_64                                        2.1-3.fc40                          @anaconda             
libjaylink.x86_64                                    0.3.0-5.fc40                        @fedora               
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.2.1-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 3.0.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.8.3-1.fc40                      @updates              
libkate.x86_64                                       0.4.1-29.fc40                       @fedora               
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.5.0-4.fc40                        @updates              
libkcapi-hasher.x86_64                               1.5.0-4.fc40                        @updates              
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.5.0-4.fc40                        @updates              
libkcddb.x86_64                                      24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libkcddb-doc.noarch                                  24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libkcompactdisc.x86_64                               24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libkdcraw.x86_64                                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libkdepim.x86_64                                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libkexiv2-qt5.x86_64                                 24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libkexiv2-qt6.x86_64                                 24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libkgapi.x86_64                                      24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libkleo.x86_64                                       24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libkolabxml.x86_64                                   1.2.0-22.fc40                       @anaconda             
libksane-common.x86_64                               24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libksane-qt6.x86_64                                  24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.6-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
libkscreen.x86_64                                    6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libksieve.x86_64                                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
libksysguard.x86_64                                  6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libksysguard-common.x86_64                           6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libkworkspace6.x86_64                                6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.7-3.fc40                        @fedora               
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.7-3.fc40                        @fedora               
liblc3.x86_64                                        1.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-15.fc40                     @anaconda             
libldb.x86_64                                        2.9.1-4.fc40                        @updates              
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.28.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
liblouis-tables.noarch                               3.28.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.12.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.12.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-24.fc40                       @anaconda             
libmad.x86_64                                        0.16.4-3.fc40                       @fedora               
libmarkdown.x86_64                                   2.2.7-8.fc40                        @updates              
libmatroska.x86_64                                   1.7.1-6.fc40                        @fedora               
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.11.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.30.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.30.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
libmicrodns.x86_64                                   0.2.0-9.fc40                        @fedora               
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-21.fc40                       @anaconda             
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-19.fc40                   @anaconda             
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.15.0-12.fc40                      @updates              
libmount.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
libmpcdec.x86_64                                     1.3.0-0.4.20110810svn475.fc40       @updates              
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-29.fc40                       @anaconda             
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.12.alpha.fc40              @anaconda             
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-32.fc40                       @fedora               
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                               5.1.0-24.fc40                       @updates              
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.22-3.fc40                       @fedora               
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.2.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-9.fc40                          @anaconda             
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.9-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-27.fc40                       @anaconda             
libnfs.x86_64                                        5.0.3-1.fc40                        @fedora               
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.7.1-0.fc40                      @updates              
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.6-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.59.0-3.fc40                       @updates              
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.22-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.10.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.10.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.6-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.3-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.1-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-6.fc40                       @fedora               
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.8-1.fc40                          @anaconda             
libobjc.x86_64                                       14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-11.fc40                       @fedora               
liboeffis.x86_64                                     1.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-8.fc40                      @anaconda             
libolm.x86_64                                        3.2.16-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.7.8-1.fc40                        @updates              
libopusenc.x86_64                                    0.2.1-13.fc40                       @anaconda             
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.19.2-4.fc40                       @fedora               
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-23.fc40                       @fedora               
libpaper.x86_64                                      1:2.1.1-3.fc40                      @anaconda             
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-56.fc40                       @anaconda             
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.5-1.fc40                    @updates              
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-12.fc40                        @anaconda             
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.13.35-1.fc40                      @updates              
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.8.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.7-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates              
libplacebo.x86_64                                    6.338.2-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libplasma.x86_64                                     6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libplist.x86_64                                      2.3.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.40-3.fc40                     @anaconda             
libpostproc-free.x86_64                              6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
libppd.x86_64                                        1:2.1~b1-2.fc40                     @updates              
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                  0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.11-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.5-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-9.fc40                        @anaconda             
libqalculate.x86_64                                  4.9.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
libqb.x86_64                                         2.0.8-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.34.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.34.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
libquotient-qt6.x86_64                               0.8.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-26.fc40                       @fedora               
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.14.0-2.fc40                       @updates              
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-56.fc40                       @anaconda             
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-kf6.x86_64                               1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                   @updates              
librepo.x86_64                                       1.18.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
libreswan.x86_64                                     4.15-1.fc40                         @updates              
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-7.fc40                        @fedora               
librist.x86_64                                       0.2.7-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.57.1-7.fc40                       @updates              
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-8.fc40                        @anaconda             
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.29-1.fc40                      @updates              
libsbc.x86_64                                        2.0-4.fc40                          @anaconda             
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.21.4-2.fc40                       @updates              
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.7-5.fc40                          @updates              
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.7-5.fc40                          @updates              
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.7-2.fc40                          @updates              
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.7-2.fc40                          @updates              
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.10-5.fc40                       @fedora               
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2024.2-1.fc40                       @updates              
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.12.1-2.fc40                       @anaconda             
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates              
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.2.2-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.20-1.fc40                       @updates              
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.30-1.fc40                       @updates              
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.4.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libspatialaudio.x86_64                               3.1-15.20200406gitd926a2e.fc40      @updates              
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.12-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
libss.x86_64                                         1.47.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.6-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.6-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.11.0-4.fc40                       @fedora               
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-13.fc40                       @fedora               
libstdc++.x86_64                                     14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
libstemmer.x86_64                                    2.2.0-10.fc40                       @anaconda             
libswresample-free.x86_64                            6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
libswscale-free.x86_64                               6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.4.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.10-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
libteam.x86_64                                       1.32-7.fc40                         @updates              
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.16.1-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
libtextstyle.x86_64                                  0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates              
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-8.fc40                       @anaconda             
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-36.fc40                     @anaconda             
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.6.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
libtiger.x86_64                                      0.3.4-28.fc40                       @fedora               
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.5-0.fc40                        @updates              
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-10.fc40                       @anaconda             
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.7.3-1.fc40                        @updates              
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-8.fc40                        @anaconda             
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.10.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.1-7.fc40                          @anaconda             
libunity-gtk3-parser.x86_64                          0.0.0+17.04.20170403-18.fc39        @anaconda             
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libupnp.x86_64                                       1.14.19-1.fc40                      @updates              
liburing.x86_64                                      2.5-3.fc40                          @anaconda             
libusb-compat-0.1.x86_64                             0.1.8-7.fc40                        @fedora               
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.27-2.fc40                       @updates              
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2^20230620git8d30a55-5.fc40     @anaconda             
libuser.x86_64                                       0.64-8.fc40                         @anaconda             
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-13.fc40                       @anaconda             
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.49.0-1.fc40                     @updates              
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.28.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
libva.x86_64                                         2.21.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
libva-intel-media-driver.x86_64                      24.2.5-1.fc40                       @updates              
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-6.fc40                          @anaconda             
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-8.fc40                        @anaconda             
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-8.fc40                        @anaconda             
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-23.fc40                       @fedora               
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.1-4.fc40                      @anaconda             
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.14-2.fc40                       @anaconda             
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-10.fc40                     @anaconda             
libvpl.x86_64                                        1:2.13.0-1.fc40                     @updates              
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.14.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.11.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.11.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates              
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates              
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates              
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates              
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates              
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.2-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
libwinpr2.x86_64                                     2.11.7-5.fc40                       @updates              
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.13-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.0-8.fc40                         @anaconda             
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-19.fc40                      @fedora               
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.4-3.fc40                        @fedora               
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.14-3.fc40                       @fedora               
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.17.0-2.fc40                       @updates              
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.36-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.36-5.fc40                       @fedora               
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.6.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.6.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.3-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-25.fc40                         @anaconda             
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.12.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.19-2.fc40                       @updates              
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.42-1.fc40                       @updates              
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-14.fc40                       @anaconda             
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
libzip.x86_64                                        1.10.1-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-34.fc40                       @fedora               
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.6-1.fc40                        @updates              
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.6-1.fc40                        @updates              
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.20-3.fc40                      @anaconda             
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-39.fc40                       @anaconda             
linux-firmware.noarch                                20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
lirc-libs.x86_64                                     0.10.0-42.fc40                      @fedora               
live555.x86_64                                       2023.06.20-4.fc40                   @fedora               
livesys-scripts.noarch                               0.6.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.19-6.fc40                       @fedora               
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     18.1.8-2.fc40                       @updates              
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-18.fc40                       @anaconda             
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.33-1.fc40                       @updates              
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.42.20111007git.fc40         @anaconda             
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.21.0-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-10.fc40                         @anaconda             
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                                  0.5-5.fc40                          @anaconda             
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.11-5.fc40                     @fedora               
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-64.fc40                     @anaconda             
lsb_release.noarch                                   3.3-3.fc40                          @anaconda             
lsof.x86_64                                          4.98.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.6-5.fc40                        @fedora               
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.6-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
lua-posix.x86_64                                     36.2.1-6.fc40                       @fedora               
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.8-8.fc40                       @anaconda             
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.23-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.23-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.23-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.4-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-12.fc40                        @anaconda             
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.8-1.fc40                        @updates              
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-9.fc40                       @fedora               
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-32.fc40                         @anaconda             
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-38.fc40                       @anaconda             
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.54-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
mailcommon.x86_64                                    24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
mailimporter.x86_64                                  24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
mailimporter-akonadi.x86_64                          24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
make.x86_64                                          1:4.4.1-6.fc40                      @fedora               
makedumpfile.x86_64                                  1.7.5-13.fc40                       @updates              
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.11.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
maliit-framework.x86_64                              2.3.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
maliit-framework-qt5.x86_64                          2.3.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
maliit-keyboard.x86_64                               2.3.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
man-db.x86_64                                        2.12.0-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
man-pages.noarch                                     6.06-1.fc40                         @anaconda             
mariadb.x86_64                                       3:10.11.9-1.fc40                    @updates              
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                3:10.11.9-1.fc40                    @updates              
mariadb-common.noarch                                3:10.11.9-1.fc40                    @updates              
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.3.8-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.8-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.x86_64               3:10.11.9-1.fc40                    @updates              
mariadb-errmsg.noarch                                3:10.11.9-1.fc40                    @updates              
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                         3:10.11.9-1.fc40                    @updates              
mariadb-server.x86_64                                3:10.11.9-1.fc40                    @updates              
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                          3:10.11.9-1.fc40                    @updates              
mbedtls.x86_64                                       2.28.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-10.fc40                       @anaconda             
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-8.fc40                          @anaconda             
media-player-info.noarch                             23-15.fc40                          @anaconda             
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.5-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates              
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates              
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates              
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates              
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.3-4.fc40                        @fedora               
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates              
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates              
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                               24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates              
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates              
messagelib.x86_64                                    24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-61.3.fc40                     @updates              
minicom.x86_64                                       2.8-6.fc40                          @anaconda             
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.20-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20230416-5.fc40                     @anaconda             
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.7.1-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-19.fc40                       @anaconda             
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-9.fc40                        @anaconda             
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.2.1-4.fc40                        @updates              
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.3-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
ms-365-electron.x86_64                               2.0.0-1                             @@commandline         
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-8.fc40                        @anaconda             
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.44-1.fc40                       @updates              
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-9.fc40                       @anaconda             
mysql-selinux.noarch                                 1.0.11-1.fc40                       @updates              
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.5-6.fc40                        @fedora               
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-39.fc40                         @fedora               
nano.x86_64                                          7.2-7.fc40                          @updates              
nano-default-editor.noarch                           7.2-7.fc40                          @updates              
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.4-12.20240127.fc40                @anaconda             
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.4-12.20240127.fc40                @anaconda             
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.4-12.20240127.fc40                @anaconda             
ndctl.x86_64                                         79-1.fc40                           @updates              
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    79-1.fc40                           @updates              
neochat.x86_64                                       24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
neon.x86_64                                          0.33.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.69.20160912git.fc40           @anaconda             
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.02.00-6.fc40                     @anaconda             
nettle.x86_64                                        3.9.1-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.7.1-0.fc40                      @updates              
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.9-3.fc40                      @anaconda             
nilfs-utils.x86_64                                   2.2.9-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.36.0-2.fc40                       @anaconda             
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     4:7.92-2.fc40                       @updates              
npth.x86_64                                          1.7-1.fc40                          @anaconda             
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-29.fc40                      @updates              
nss.x86_64                                           3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-11.fc40                      @anaconda             
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
nss-tools.x86_64                                     3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                  @anaconda             
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                  @anaconda             
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-16.fc40                         @anaconda             
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                  @anaconda             
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.16-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.8-1.fc40                          @anaconda             
nxpwireless-firmware.noarch                          20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
ocean-sound-theme.noarch                             6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
ocfs2-tools.x86_64                                   1.8.8-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.2-6.fc40                        @updates              
okular.x86_64                                        24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
okular-libs.x86_64                                   24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
okular-part.x86_64                                   24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.9-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-21.fc40                        @anaconda             
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.4.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.4.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.23.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.26-4.fc40                       @fedora               
openblas-serial.x86_64                               0.3.26-4.fc40                       @fedora               
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.12-5.fc40                         @anaconda             
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
opencv-core.x86_64                                   4.9.0-3.fc40                        @fedora               
opencv-imgproc.x86_64                                4.9.0-3.fc40                        @fedora               
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.13-1.fc40                       @updates              
openh264.x86_64                                      2.4.1-2.fc40                        @fedora-cisco-openh264
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.5.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-34.fc40                     @anaconda             
opensc.x86_64                                        0.25.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
openssh.x86_64                                       9.6p1-1.fc40.4                      @updates              
openssh-askpass.x86_64                               9.6p1-1.fc40.4                      @updates              
openssh-clients.x86_64                               9.6p1-1.fc40.4                      @updates              
openssh-server.x86_64                                9.6p1-1.fc40.4                      @updates              
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.2.2-3.fc40                      @updates              
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.2.2-3.fc40                      @updates              
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.6.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
opus.x86_64                                          1.5.1-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
opus-tools.x86_64                                    0.2-14.fc40                         @anaconda             
opusfile.x86_64                                      0.12-12.fc40                        @anaconda             
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.39-1.fc40                       @updates              
orca.noarch                                          46.2-1.fc40                         @updates              
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-6.fc40                         @anaconda             
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2024.8-1.fc40                       @updates              
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.25.5-1.fc40                       @updates              
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.25.5-1.fc40                       @updates              
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.25.5-1.fc40                       @updates              
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                 16.02-31.fc40                       @updates              
pakchois.x86_64                                      0.4-30.fc40                         @anaconda             
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-12.fc40                         @updates              
pam.x86_64                                           1.6.1-3.fc40                        @updates              
pam-kwallet.x86_64                                   6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-3.fc40                        @updates              
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
pango.x86_64                                         1.54.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.4-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
paps.x86_64                                          0.8.0-9.fc40                        @updates              
parted.x86_64                                        3.6-4.fc40                          @anaconda             
passim.x86_64                                        0.1.7-1.fc40                        @updates              
passim-libs.x86_64                                   0.1.7-1.fc40                        @updates              
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-24.fc40                       @fedora               
patchutils.x86_64                                    0.4.2-13.fc40                       @fedora               
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-15.fc40                         @updates              
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.13.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.13.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc40.6                       @anaconda             
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.44-1.fc40                        @updates              
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.44-1.fc40                        @updates              
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                        @updates              
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                        @updates              
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     2.0.3-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.5-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                2.0.3-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.88-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.54-502.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.68-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-DBD-MariaDB.x86_64                              1.23-4.fc40                         @anaconda             
perl-DBI.x86_64                                      1.644-1.fc40                        @updates              
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.188-503.fc40                      @anaconda             
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-502.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.59-3.fc40                         @anaconda             
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.54-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.21-505.fc40                     @anaconda             
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.37-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-15.fc40                   @fedora               
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.78-3.fc40                         @anaconda             
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.15-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.86-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.41-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.43-506.fc40                       @fedora               
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-503.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-503.fc40                @anaconda             
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.13-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.05-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.57-4.fc40                       @updates              
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.46.2-1.fc40                       @updates              
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.088-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.52-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.42-2.fc40                         @anaconda             
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.085-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-503.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:2.0030.03-1.fc40                  @updates              
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.62-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20231213-3.fc40                     @anaconda             
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.16-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.94-3.fc40                         @anaconda             
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.13-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.89-502.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-503.fc40                     @anaconda             
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-503.fc40                    @anaconda             
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.45-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-504.fc40                     @updates              
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-503.fc40                     @anaconda             
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.038-1.fc40                      @updates              
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.32-502.fc40                     @anaconda             
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.25-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-504.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-503.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-21.fc40                        @fedora               
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-502.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2024.001-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.350-5.fc40                      @anaconda             
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.28-1.fc40                         @updates              
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-503.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-506.fc40                   @anaconda             
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.38.2-506.fc40                   @anaconda             
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-506.fc40                       @fedora               
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-503.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.38.2-506.fc40                   @anaconda             
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.28-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.37-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.241-502.fc40                    @anaconda             
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:5.01-502.fc40                     @anaconda             
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-506.fc40                       @anaconda             
phonon-backend-vlc-common.noarch                     0.12.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
phonon-common.noarch                                 4.12.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                    4.12.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
phonon-qt5-backend-vlc.x86_64                        0.12.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
phonon-qt6.x86_64                                    4.12.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
phonon-qt6-backend-vlc.x86_64                        0.12.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
pigz.x86_64                                          2.8-4.fc40                          @anaconda             
pim-data-exporter.x86_64                             24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
pim-data-exporter-libs.x86_64                        24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
pim-sieve-editor.x86_64                              24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
pimcommon.x86_64                                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.3.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
pinentry-qt.x86_64                                   1.3.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.13-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
pipewire.x86_64                                      1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates              
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates              
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates              
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64            1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates              
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit-libs.x86_64       1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates              
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates              
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates              
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates              
pixman.x86_64                                        0.43.4-1.fc40                       @updates              
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.30.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda             
pkcs11-provider.x86_64                               0.3-2.fc40                          @anaconda             
pkgconf.x86_64                                       2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates              
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates              
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-activities.x86_64                             6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-activities-stats.x86_64                       6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-breeze.x86_64                                 6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                          6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-breeze-qt5.x86_64                             6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-breeze-qt6.x86_64                             6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-desktop.x86_64                                6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-desktop-doc.noarch                            6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-discover.x86_64                               6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-discover-flatpak.x86_64                       6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-discover-libs.x86_64                          6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-discover-offline-updates.x86_64               6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-discover-packagekit.x86_64                    6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-disks.x86_64                                  6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-drkonqi.x86_64                                6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-integration.x86_64                            6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-integration-qt5.x86_64                        6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-lookandfeel-fedora.noarch                     6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-milou.x86_64                                  6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-nm.x86_64                                     6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-nm-l2tp.x86_64                                6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-nm-openconnect.x86_64                         6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-nm-openswan.x86_64                            6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-nm-openvpn.x86_64                             6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-nm-pptp.x86_64                                6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-nm-vpnc.x86_64                                6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-pa.x86_64                                     6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-print-manager.x86_64                          6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-print-manager-libs.x86_64                     6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-systemmonitor.x86_64                          6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-systemsettings.x86_64                         6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-thunderbolt.x86_64                            6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-vault.x86_64                                  6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-welcome.x86_64                                6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-workspace.x86_64                              6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-workspace-common.x86_64                       6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-workspace-geolocation.x86_64                  6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-workspace-geolocation-libs.x86_64             6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-workspace-libs.x86_64                         6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-workspace-wallpapers.noarch                   6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma-workspace-wayland.x86_64                      6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plasma5support.x86_64                                6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.22-2.fc40                       @anaconda             
plymouth.x86_64                                      24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates              
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates              
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates              
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates              
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates              
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates              
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates              
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates              
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.7-3.fc40                          @updates              
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.7-3.fc40                          @updates              
polkit.x86_64                                        124-2.fc40                          @anaconda             
polkit-kde.x86_64                                    6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   124-2.fc40                          @anaconda             
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-28.fc40                         @anaconda             
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                  0.200.0-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
polkit-qt6-1.x86_64                                  0.200.0-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
poppler.x86_64                                       24.02.0-2.fc40                      @anaconda             
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   24.02.0-2.fc40                      @anaconda             
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  24.02.0-2.fc40                      @anaconda             
poppler-qt6.x86_64                                   24.02.0-2.fc40                      @anaconda             
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 24.02.0-2.fc40                      @anaconda             
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-6.fc40                         @anaconda             
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.21-3.fc40                         @updates              
powerdevil.x86_64                                    6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
ppp.x86_64                                           2.5.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-20.fc40                      @anaconda             
procps-ng.x86_64                                     4.0.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-8.fc40                       @anaconda             
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.5.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                 3.19.6-8.fc40                       @fedora               
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-21.fc40                       @anaconda             
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.6-6.fc40                         @anaconda             
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20240107-3.fc40                     @anaconda             
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               16.1-8.fc40                         @updates              
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         16.1-8.fc40                         @updates              
pulseaudio-qt-qt6.x86_64                             1.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              16.1-8.fc40                         @updates              
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              23.3.2-2.fc40                       @updates              
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.12.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3.x86_64                                       3.12.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           3.3.0-2.fc40                        @updates              
python3-audit.x86_64                                 4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-12.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.12.3-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.10.0-1.fc40                     @updates              
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
python3-boto3.noarch                                 1.35.25-1.fc40                      @updates              
python3-botocore.noarch                              1.35.25-1.fc40                      @updates              
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.5-13.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.11-99.fc40                        @updates              
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.25.1-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-certifi.noarch                               2023.05.07-4.fc40                   @anaconda             
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.16.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.3.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.7-4.fc40                        @fedora               
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.4-1.fc40                        @updates              
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-6.fc40                          @anaconda             
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-13.fc40                     @anaconda             
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-distro.noarch                                1.9.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-12.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.45-4.fc40                         @anaconda             
python3-firewall.noarch                              2.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates              
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.48.2-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.48.2-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.73.3-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-10.fc40                      @anaconda             
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.7-1.fc40                          @updates              
python3-iso639.noarch                                0.1.4-25.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-jmespath.noarch                              1.0.1-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.52-1.fc40                         @anaconda             
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.68-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.20-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.73.3-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-libmount.x86_64                              2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda             
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.7-5.fc40                          @updates              
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.7-2.fc40                          @updates              
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.28.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  5.1.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.51-5.fc40                         @anaconda             
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.51-5.fc40                         @anaconda             
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.9-3.fc40                      @anaconda             
python3-packaging.noarch                             23.2-4.fc40                         @anaconda             
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.9.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-21.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-23.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.7-3.fc40                          @updates              
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.38-3.fc40                         @anaconda             
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.9.8-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-9.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.1-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-14.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-pygdbmi.noarch                               0.11.0.0-3.fc40                     @anaconda             
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.13.0-5.fc40                     @anaconda             
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-22.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.1-7.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-11.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0.1-14.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2024.4.28-1.fc40                    @updates              
python3-requests.noarch                              2.31.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-requests-file.noarch                         2.0.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-33.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
python3-s3transfer.noarch                            0.10.2-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-satyr.x86_64                                 0.43-2.fc40                         @anaconda             
python3-sentry-sdk.noarch                            2.13.0-2.fc40                       @updates              
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.5.1-2.fc40                        @updates              
python3-setuptools.noarch                            69.0.3-4.fc40                       @updates              
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-13.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-10.fc40                       @anaconda             
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-14.fc40                      @anaconda             
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.5-3.fc40                          @anaconda             
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates              
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-9.fc40                          @anaconda             
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.12.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.21.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.20-1.fc40                      @updates              
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         1.26.20-1.fc40                      @updates              
python3-xkbregistry.x86_64                           0.3-1.fc40                          @anaconda             
qaccessibilityclient-qt6.x86_64                      0.6.0-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
qca-qt6.x86_64                                       2.3.8-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
qca-qt6-ossl.x86_64                                  2.3.8-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
qcoro-qt6.x86_64                                     0.10.0-5.fc40                       @updates              
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:8.2.7-1.fc40                      @updates              
qgpgme-qt6.x86_64                                    1.23.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     11.9.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
qqc2-breeze-style.x86_64                             6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
qt-settings.noarch                                   40.1-1.fc40                         @updates              
qt5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtfeedback.x86_64                                20180903gita14bd0b-9.fc40           @anaconda             
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                        5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                            5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                           5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                          5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                 5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                  5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                  5.212.0-0.89alpha4.fc40             @updates              
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates              
qt6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.7.2-2.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                 6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.7.2-6.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.7.2-6.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.7.2-6.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                              6.7.2-6.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.7.2-2.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtimageformats.x86_64                            6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtlocation.x86_64                                6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtnetworkauth.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtpdf.x86_64                                     6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtpositioning.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtquick3d.x86_64                                 6.7.2-3.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtquicktimeline.x86_64                           6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtsensors.x86_64                                 6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtserialport.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtspeech.x86_64                                  6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtspeech-flite.x86_64                            6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qttools.x86_64                                   6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qttools-common.noarch                            6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qttranslations.noarch                            6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtvirtualkeyboard.x86_64                         6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtwebengine.x86_64                               6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qt6-qtwebview.x86_64                                 6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
qtkeychain-qt6.x86_64                                0.14.3-1.fc40                       @updates              
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.09-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-43.fc40                      @fedora               
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-28.fc40                      @fedora               
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.1-4.fc40                        @updates              
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-8.fc40                          @anaconda             
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-12.fc40                      @anaconda             
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-26.fc40                      @anaconda             
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-37.fc40                      @fedora               
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.6.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
rit-rachana-fonts.noarch                             1.5.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-36.fc40                         @anaconda             
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.7-1.rc1.fc40                    @updates              
rpm.x86_64                                           4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
rpm-plugin-audit.x86_64                              4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
rpm-sequoia.x86_64                                   1.7.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
rsvg-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            2.57.1-7.fc40                       @updates              
rsync.x86_64                                         3.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
rsyslog.x86_64                                       8.2312.0-1.fc40                     @anaconda             
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-63.fc40                        @anaconda             
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.3.0-6.fc40                        @updates              
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates              
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates              
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates              
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates              
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.29-1.fc40                      @updates              
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
satyr.x86_64                                         0.43-2.fc40                         @anaconda             
schroedinger.x86_64                                  1.0.11-30.fc40                      @fedora               
sddm.x86_64                                          0.21.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
sddm-breeze.noarch                                   6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
sddm-kcm.x86_64                                      6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
sddm-wayland-plasma.noarch                           6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
sdl12-compat.x86_64                                  1.2.68-2.fc40                       @fedora               
sed.x86_64                                           4.9-1.fc40                          @anaconda             
selinux-policy.noarch                                40.28-1.fc40                        @updates              
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       40.28-1.fc40                        @updates              
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.16-3.fc40                      @anaconda             
setup.noarch                                         2.14.5-2.fc40                       @anaconda             
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
sgml-common.noarch                                   0.6.3-63.fc40                       @anaconda             
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.15.1-3.fc40                     @updates              
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.3-5.fc40                          @updates              
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.8-3                              @anaconda             
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.8-3                              @anaconda             
signon.x86_64                                        8.60^20240205.c8ad982-1.fc40        @anaconda             
signon-kwallet-extension.x86_64                      24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                          0.25^20231216.fab6988-2.fc40        @anaconda             
signon-qt5.x86_64                                    8.60^20240205.c8ad982-1.fc40        @anaconda             
signon-qt6.x86_64                                    8.60^20240205.c8ad982-1.fc40        @anaconda             
signon-ui.x86_64                                     0.15^20240205.eef943f-1.fc40        @anaconda             
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-10.fc40                       @anaconda             
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-14.fc40                       @anaconda             
skanpage.x86_64                                      24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-5.fc40                        @fedora               
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:7.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
smartmontools-selinux.noarch                         1:7.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.10-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
socat.x86_64                                         1.8.0.0-2.fc40                      @updates              
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.14-3.fc40                      @anaconda             
sos.noarch                                           4.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-21.fc40                         @anaconda             
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-22.fc40                       @anaconda             
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-15.fc40                       @anaconda             
spdlog.x86_64                                        1.12.0-4.fc40                       @updates              
spectacle.x86_64                                     24.08.0-1.fc40                      @updates              
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates              
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates              
speech-dispatcher-libs.x86_64                        0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates              
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-17.fc40                       @anaconda             
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-6.fc40                        @fedora               
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-6.fc40                       @updates              
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-8.fc40                          @anaconda             
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2024.3-2.fc40                       @updates              
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.45.1-2.fc40                       @anaconda             
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.45.1-2.fc40                       @anaconda             
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.6.1-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.14-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.3-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-29.fc40                        @anaconda             
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-5.fc40                     @anaconda             
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-10.fc40                        @anaconda             
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.3-5.fc40                       @fedora               
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.3-5.fc40                       @fedora               
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.15-2.p5.fc40                    @anaconda             
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.15-2.p5.fc40                    @anaconda             
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  2.1.0-1.fc40                        @updates              
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-5.fc40                          @anaconda             
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-10.fc40                         @anaconda             
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-9.fc40                       @anaconda             
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-9.fc40                       @anaconda             
systemd.x86_64                                       255.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  255.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              255.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         255.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   255.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              255.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  255.12-1.fc40                       @updates              
systemtap.x86_64                                     5.2~pre17250223gd07e4284-1.fc40     @updates              
systemtap-client.x86_64                              5.2~pre17250223gd07e4284-1.fc40     @updates              
systemtap-devel.x86_64                               5.2~pre17250223gd07e4284-1.fc40     @updates              
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                             5.2~pre17250223gd07e4284-1.fc40     @updates              
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-10.fc40                        @anaconda             
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.35-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
tbb.x86_64                                           2021.11.0-5.fc40                    @fedora               
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.13-2.fc40                     @anaconda             
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.5-1.fc40                    @updates              
teamd.x86_64                                         1.32-7.fc40                         @updates              
tecla.x86_64                                         45.0-2.fc40                         @anaconda             
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.3.4-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda             
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.14.0-4.fc40                       @updates              
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.14.0-4.fc40                       @updates              
time.x86_64                                          1.9-23.fc40                         @anaconda             
tinyxml2.x86_64                                      9.0.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
tiwilink-firmware.noarch                             20240909-1.fc40                     @updates              
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.13-3.fc40                     @anaconda             
tmux.x86_64                                          3.4-1.fc40                          @anaconda             
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.7-1.fc40                          @updates              
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      4.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates              
tpm2-tss-fapi.x86_64                                 4.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates              
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.6-1.fc40                      @updates              
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-10.fc40                        @anaconda             
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
tzdata.noarch                                        2024a-5.fc40                        @updates              
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2024a-5.fc40                        @updates              
udftools.x86_64                                      2.3-8.fc40                          @anaconda             
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.10.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.10.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
unar.x86_64                                          1.10.8-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.21.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.21.1-3.fc40                       @updates              
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   16.0.0-1.fc40                       @updates              
unity-gtk-module-common.noarch                       0.0.0+17.04.20170403-18.fc39        @anaconda             
unity-gtk3-module.x86_64                             0.0.0+17.04.20170403-18.fc39        @anaconda             
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-63.fc40                         @anaconda             
upower.x86_64                                        1.90.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
upower-libs.x86_64                                   1.90.6-1.fc40                       @updates              
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.5.4-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                    @updates              
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-10.fc40                       @anaconda             
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-11.fc40                    @anaconda             
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1^20230720git61b99ab-2.fc40     @anaconda             
usbutils.x86_64                                      017-2.fc40                          @anaconda             
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-9.fc40                        @anaconda             
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.14.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-7.fc40                        @fedora               
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-9.fc40                        @anaconda             
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              65-2.fc40                           @anaconda             
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.1-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.1.719-1.fc40                    @updates              
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.1.719-1.fc40                    @updates              
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
vlc.x86_64                                           1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-cli.x86_64                                       1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-gui-qt.x86_64                                    1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-gui-skins2.x86_64                                1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-libs.x86_64                                      1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugin-ffmpeg.x86_64                             1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugin-gnome.x86_64                              1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugin-gstreamer.x86_64                          1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugin-kde.x86_64                                1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugin-lua.x86_64                                1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugin-notify.x86_64                             1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugin-pipewire.x86_64                           3-2.fc40                            @anaconda             
vlc-plugin-pulseaudio.x86_64                         1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugin-visualization.x86_64                      1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugins-base.x86_64                              1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugins-extra.x86_64                             1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vlc-plugins-video-out.x86_64                         1:3.0.21-7.fc40                     @updates              
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-20.fc40                       @anaconda             
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-21.fc40                      @anaconda             
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-47.svn550.fc40                @anaconda             
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20230907-2.git5b9e7e4c.fc40         @anaconda             
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.290.0-1.fc40                    @updates              
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                  1.3.290.0-1.fc40                    @updates              
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.7.0-3.fc40                        @updates              
wayland-utils.x86_64                                 1.2.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       1.3-1.fc40                          @anaconda             
wget2.x86_64                                         2.1.0-11.fc40                       @updates              
wget2-libs.x86_64                                    2.1.0-11.fc40                       @updates              
wget2-wget.x86_64                                    2.1.0-11.fc40                       @updates              
which.x86_64                                         2.21-41.fc40                        @anaconda             
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.20-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.20-3.fc40                       @anaconda             
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2024.01.23-1.fc40                   @anaconda             
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-19.fc40                       @anaconda             
words.noarch                                         3.0-45.fc40                         @anaconda             
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.11-3.fc40                       @updates              
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                              1.4.26-1.fc40                       @updates              
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.4-4.fc40                        @anaconda             
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.10-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.2-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.5-2.fc40                        @fedora               
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.18.4-1.fc40                       @updates              
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.15.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda             
xdg-desktop-portal-kde.x86_64                        6.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates              
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-4.fc40                         @anaconda             
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.2.1-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                      1.3.3-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
xdriinfo.x86_64                                      1.0.7-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
xerces-c.x86_64                                      3.2.5-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.5.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.9-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   2-4.fc40                            @anaconda             
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.41-1.fc40                         @anaconda             
xl2tpd.x86_64                                        1.3.17-4.fc40                       @anaconda             
xmessage.x86_64                                      1.0.7-1.fc40                        @updates              
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-63.fc40                       @anaconda             
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.59.03-1.fc40                      @updates              
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.59.03-1.fc40                      @updates              
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1:1.2.39-2.fc40                     @updates              
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1:1.2.39-2.fc40                     @updates              
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1:1.2.39-2.fc40                     @updates              
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-6.fc40                       @anaconda             
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      24.1.3-1.fc40                       @updates              
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.2-6.fc40                      @anaconda             
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.2-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda             
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.2-5.fc40                        @anaconda             
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda             
xset.x86_64                                          1.2.5-5.fc40                        @fedora               
xsetroot.x86_64                                      1.1.2-10.fc40                       @fedora               
xsettingsd.x86_64                                    1.0.2-8.fc40                        @anaconda             
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-11.fc40                       @anaconda             
xwaylandvideobridge.x86_64                           0.4.0-5.fc40                        @updates              
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.2-4.fc40                        @updates              
xz.x86_64                                            1:5.4.6-3.fc40                      @anaconda             
xz-devel.x86_64                                      1:5.4.6-3.fc40                      @fedora               
xz-libs.x86_64                                       1:5.4.6-3.fc40                      @anaconda             
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-23.fc40                       @fedora               
yum.noarch                                           4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates              
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.5.1-1.fc40                        @updates              
zenity.x86_64                                        4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates              
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.5-16.fc40                       @anaconda             
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.5-2.fc40                        @anaconda             
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-40.fc40                         @anaconda             
zlib-ng-compat.x86_64                                2.1.7-2.fc40                        @updates              
zlib-ng-compat-devel.x86_64                          2.1.7-2.fc40                        @updates              
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-11.fc40                       @updates              
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-11.fc40                       @updates              
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-22.fc40                      @anaconda             
zxcvbn-c.x86_64                                      2.5-2.fc40                          @fedora               
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     2.0.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda             
